#NOTES

This Board~
Merior~
The purpose of this board is to allow Imms and Avatars to post topics of

mutal interest, i.e, approval standards, problem players, etc.

~
884308158
Class in appearance...~
Hollie~
Just a gentle reminder, but class does not belong in either appearance or

description.  If its been a while since you've given an approval or have

just gotten back to playing, reading the help files please so we are as

consistant as possible.

@b@G*@n@B@RHollie@n@b@G*@n

~
889944410
ents~
Jago~
When asking about approval for Ents many people have said they shouldn't

have bark, leaves, trunks, etc etc, because they aren't really trees.

However all the ent socials refer to their leaves, bark and trunks.  One

of these two perspectives should be changed.



@g- - - - -@n

I spoke to the ent social editor (Yrd Ivytress) about this.  It seems the

problem was the fact that, although he realizes the ents are not trees,

almost every ent on at the time seemed to think they were and this was

reinforced by the fact that most avatars and immortals who approved ents

had done so as if they were mobile trees.  Almost every suggested social

he recieved included bark, leaves, or sap.  I know he turned down several

of the really bad ones as he ran a list of them by me for approval.


The standard of approval should continue to reinforce that ents are not

trees, though it is ok to have them appear somewhat treelike (as that is

what they appear sort of).  They're sort of the GOOD trolls, looking like

a cross between a troll and a tree.


The socials can be changed as time permits as well.  I imagine, even if

they took a year to change, that they'd be completely reformed before all

the already approved walking trees are in any case.  ;) 


-Talis

@g- - - - -@n

~
890360764
Kalgart~
Celine~
I told him he needed to remove the word 'greble' from his keywords. 

PLease dont approve him until he does this.  He quit when I told him that. 

:P 


-Cel

~
891804562
Names~
Trunks~
Is there an way to put up the help names file on char creation?  There

seems to be a rash of really junky names, and it seems as if I'm renaming

a person a day.

Trunks

~
891896847
racial traits~
Talis~
I made a help file for the general racial traits that may be of use when

reviewing people are aiding them in creating an apearance and description.

It can be found under @bhelp racial traits@n


These are not mandatory traits, but the suggested ones and listings of

what is considered the normal for the race.  If you feel the burning need

to approve a polka-dotted goblin, you take that on yourself.

Feel free to use or pass out as you feel the need to. :)


Shade and sweet water,

Talis

~
892520597
Vlad - Perun~
Freywin~
Vlad has been renamed Perun.  He is attempting to be a vampire elf.

I convinced him to change the name, but he wanted to "work on the

description" and would get back to me.

~
895944664
Lanfear/Azaroth/Kylastralis~
Khisanth~
Lanfear has been named Kylastralis.  She also requested that her name be

changed to Azaroth, which I deemed unacceptable.


@BKhis

~
896109603
Mulder~
Khisanth~
Mulder has been renamed Thorne, after going through several choices that

were already chosen.  This seemed to be quite difficult for him, and I

would recommend leaving him with Thorne unless someone has a major issue

with it that I overlooked.


@BKhis

~
896110714
Tornis~
Rhen~
I would not approve tornis because he has a tattoo of an alien, and alien as

a keyword, when i told him i would not approve him until he changed both,

he replied sorry to bother you ill wait. You know the routine.

@I

thanks, and dont let him slip through,

@BThe Oppossum@n

~
896189595
We need more avatars.~
Fleur~
Twice now in the last two days..  no 3 times..  I have been the only

avatar on for hours at a time.  Please, hire more help.

~
896205536
Re: Time on the mud~
Fenlyn~
We thank all of you for helping out in this trying time.  It is rough

having to approve after a pwipe.  Certainly we need more avatars

available, but we can't force everyone to be on all the time either.  As

it is, I can only spend about 3 hours on a day.  But if there is anything

I can do to help you, and I'm not busy building something catastrophic to

your death count, I'll be glad to help out.  It's the least I can do. 

--Fenlyn 

~
896224239
approvals from me~
Siralla~
While I am in the proccess of moving from colorado to chicago, my access

is going to be somewhat sporadic, and when I AM on, its going to be from

a terminal right out of the stone age.  I probably wont be able to do

approvals for at least 4-5 days, since when I am on, I'm moving like a

little snail.  I just have all my channels off except - and tell, so just

letting you know what the deal is with ,e 

~
896291054
names and naming~
Talis~
Once, some time back, I took a look at help names.  It had some good

information, but it had some really big holes in it that relied on

"common sense" so I revised it significantly and ended up with the file

we had today.  Then, I had a player arguing with me because the help

names file didn't specifically forbid the kind of names he had, so I came

up with help names2, primarily just to have more examples while not

forcing everyone sit through a help names file that was 20 pages long. 

If its more than 2 or 3 pages, they'll just skim it, miss most of it, or

just plain ignore it.


I've also been on both sides of the name issue as to strictness.  I was

asked to deal with names to some extent at one point and ended up going a

bit overboard.  Unfortunately, what I consider overboard is just my

opinion and everyone seems to have differing opinions on this matter. 

After years of the bickering, I tend to stay out of it unless a name

comes up as offensive completely stupid (one of my favorites, Ice Master).


Seems to me we need a set concensus on what is and isn't acceptable. 

With good reasons why a name should be disallowed.  As things are now the

reasons, though implied or written, are for the most part still only

based in personal opinion when it comes down to it.


Major inconsistencies...  you can not have the name of an object or

creature, yet elves and rangers are permitted to have names like Sparrow

or Orchid.  As most people are familiar with the woodsy nature of elves

and rangers, its easy to accept they'd have names like that.  The shadowy

realm of thieves and assassins would then be populated by names like

ShadowWalker and Bloodblade, and we do not allow that.


Major difficulties...  you can not have the names of primary characters

from a book.  Unfortunately we don't all read the same books.  Even when

a name is known to all, there are differing opinions as to how primary a

character is.  Things like Bilbo, Gandalf, Elminster are extremely well

known even to many who have never actually read these series, while

Shonagar wouldn't be unless you happened to read it.  Shonagar is far

from being a primary character, he's a supporting character, but I'm sure

the name would be contested merely because he is well known if you read

hte series and he holds a position of power giving him the illusion of

being more important.


Do I have a solution?  Not one that would please everybody, no.  Besides,

with the turnover rate of AVs and Imms, I can almost gaurauntee that what

is a standard today will be obsolete in favor of someone elses standard

tomorrow.  I've been here enough years to see several sets of "standards"

for object levels alone, let alone everything else that changes.


I would suggest everyone come to some sort of consensus, then, even

though everyone will not agree on it, we will have a consistant

rationality.  Personally I think people are being too strict on names

right now.  Isn't the idea of the policies to foster an ejoyable

atmosphere in which we can role play?


A name like Ice Master or Klown are obviously not in the spirit of role

playing, but names like Kylock or Menolly are.  Now, if Menolly played an

orc paladin than I would wonder immediately question the role playing

potential of the controller and they would have a doubly hard time

earning my respect, but that's not the point.  The point is, either its

an acceptable name or it isn't.  You can't base acceptability of names

taken from outside sources on the class and race they choose.  You also

can't base acceptability on a controllers ability to role play.


Because Menolly is the _main_character_ in a book, perhaps that name

isn't acceptable.  Then again, perhaps it is, and we need to revise out

standards to say, you can't have Bilbo or Gandalf or Elminster for

(insert valid reason other than is main character in a book).


If elves, ents and rangers are permitted to have woodsey names then we

need to sit down and come up with a rational why roguish names are

unacceptable as well.


Personally, I think if we work too hard at it we'll take a chunk of fun

out of it.  Though I've never had problems coming up with original names

I know for a fact others do.  Even my name, Talis, though I came up with

it on my own (and techinically its only the forshortening of the full

elvish name of Talisariande) I have seen it in several other places.  It

is a river in David Eddings's Ellenium series.  It is a (please forgive

me if I mistake this one) prayer box used in Jewish (I believe) religion

worn on the head.  I have also seen it elsewhere.  This only proves that

even an original name can become unoriginal.


If a book name truly is unacceptable, it should already be on the banned

names list.  If you can't think of it, then it obviously isn't one of the

first names that come to mind.  If someone said, pick names that

shouldn't be usable I'm sure Bilbo and Gandalf would instantly spring to

mind, then others from the same series would follow merely through

association.  If it isn't the first names in a series to come to mind

then its probably harmless enough and acceptable.


What about common names?  John, Jane, Ronald...  Don't you think these

names came from somewhere in the first place?  You'd be surprised how

many have origins back in mediveal times.  Granted some of them evloved

from other names but if you can't trace them back off the top of your

head why do we expect our players to?  Just becuase it doesn't sound like

a fantasy or medieval name?  Well, most of the names that sound Fantasy

or Medieval to us sound that way because we read them in the very books

that we are using to say they can't have that name.  Creates a sort of

catch 22.  Besides, isn't better to have Sean playing here than HeMan?  I

rather think the person who chooses Sean at least deserves the benefit of

the doubt.  He had the good sense not to choose from the variety of

blatantly idiotic names and, perhaps, this is his first time role playing. 

Better to make suggestions and let him choose to take on a new, more

calssically period sounding name than to say "sorry, you have to change

your name, quick think of something acceptable even if you have no clue".


I suppose I'm just saying a bit of tolerance may be in order and all the

strict standards, though the intent is well placed, may need to be

relaxed a bit in favor of actually enjoying the game.  I found that once

I stopped worrying so much over names and just accepted the poorly chosen

ones, so long as htey aren't offensive or blatantly in violation of rules

(with names like Shell Button), that I enjoyed a lot less stress as well.



Shade and sweet water,

Talis

~
896365014
Re: names.~
Merolen~
My two cents, I think Shamino's common enough that if Menolly is changed,

Shamino should be.


On people playing the characters represented by names, I was under the

impression that if you *were* picking a name from somewhere, you *should*

try and make a character fitting it?

~
896568176
Jeysuen~
Lansharra~
Told her to change huntress from her appearance or to justify it somehow

in her description.  She chose to go to Rue and then to quit.  Please do

not approve her until she justifies huntress as a physical description

and not as an occupation.

~
896574717
Most Frequently Misspelled~
Lansharra~
Candidates for the most frequently misspelled word in appearances and

descriptions (that have been approved):

@e

tattoo, tattoos (tatoo tatto)

blonde: is completely feminine where as blond is male and female.

mischievous (mischievious)

bony (boney)

apparent (apparant)

@n

(I can't believe this list is not longer.  Does this mean y'all are doing

a good job?  <grin> ) 

~
896636684
Akiss~
Lansharra~
Approval revoked. Told to add race to her appearance. No response.

Also needs a sentence capitalized and phoenix is misspelled.

~
896964540
Note:~
Merolen~
Don't approve color codes in appearances.  They don't work.  I've seen at

least one hanging around, but I was on as an alt.

~
897191613
Fleur, my apologies~
Pellen~
OK, this is gonna be only note about names I will ever post.  Fleur,

nothing personal, but it is very difficult to make someone change their

name when yours has been approved.  Not only is it french, but it is

french for flower, an object.  My humble apologies fleur.


@yI think that is being a little picky.  But that's just me and my

opinion never counts.  --Fenlyn@n 


@gNod, same here. -- @C*Florian@n

~
897244638
Sidney~
Lansharra~
Wants to be mulatto.  Mulatto, noun, is ancestry.  Mixed human

black/white, has nothing to do with physical type.  If you're

blond/pale-white, you can still be mulatto.

Mulatto, adjective, means a light-brown color.


If Sidney wishes to have mulatto colored skin, fine.  But he cannot be

mulatto, the blood-social-ancestry type.

Course, he was told he could have mulatto as an adjective.  So far, he

has declined and chooses to send me nice long tells instead.

Though technically mulatto, adjective, comes as a result of mulatto, the

noun, probably, which means it is earth-racially-based.

~
897251745
Re: Jovial and Dax~
Aera~
Dax was not allowed to have Jovial, but G'narrl is?? *boggle*


@g-----------------------@n

Someone catch G'narrl or give Dax jovial. Not sure if I care which.

Jovial=jolly=mirthful=borderline, not quite action, so if I had to choose

between revoking/changing, and leaving alone/resting my fingers, I'd

choose the latter on that one.

@g-Starshine@n

~
897321518
Pondering Approvals...~
Starshine~
Was checking approvals, and have noticed a few items...

(Of course, reviewing the help files again is never a bad idea)


Not Acceptable:

@yMisspelled Words/Punctuation/Sentence Fragments

Eerie eyes, mysterious eyes...

Movement (winks at you, looks from side to side, he sees all)

History of character (comes from noble family, scars come from battle),

though speculative modifiers are permitted, even desirable.

Occupation/Social Position/Title (paladins, knights, adventurer, huntress)

non-IC keywords and missing keywords (think how annoying a missing

keyword is when you look at a mob...) 

Missing race in description and appearance (we do not have disguises). 

Exceptions are lass, man, woman, girl, etc, in appearance, which without

race, means human lass...However, do watch these.  We've got no-race

brunettes, creatures and persons running about...

Three-sentence descriptions: Seeing lots of these.

@n

Okay:

@gPainted faces/dyed hair

@n

Color codes do not work in appearances, so do not approve these.

Keep in mind that abbreviations work on keyword on this mud.  So, for

example, having 'hideous' is redundant if you also have 'hideously'.

Also, sometimes it is easier to write descriptions for players rather

than explain that they do not know how to write.  This is especially true

of the non-English-speaking players.  Try to get what they think they

look like before you start.


[These are only a small fraction of approvals among hundreds.  Good job

everyone.] 

~
897322563
Gorgiana~
Lynitha~
I have no idea how she got approved to begin with, but she needs some

serious work on her description.  Just from the glances I got, it

included her name several times, and several "action"-type sentences.  I

revoked her approval, but she went link dead before I could get the

changes made.  Next time she asks, or someone sees her, please work with

her on it.

~
897636656
Re: Aera~
Pellen~
As I see it, you have one of two options:

@I

@I1: Don't look at elves :P

@I

@I2: You may be right :)

@I

I favor the latter.

~
897752893
re: Myrddin and Myrdin~
Fleur~
Myrddin must rename, that is the welsh form of Merlin.  Myrdin too, must

rename, as it is too similar to Myrddin.  Also, Myrddin must lose the

staff in his description along with all the other things wrong with it..


Fleur


Myrthin isn't acceptable either. That is the pronouncation of Myrrdin

~
897835367
COmmon misspells~
Florian~
If someone is bored enough to come up with a list of common misspellings,

I'll throw it into a helpfile.

@C*Florian@n

~
897851509
Beauty in appearances~
Aera~
I dont know, this may sound dumb or I may be totally wrong, but, whats up

with being beautiful/lovely/gorgeous/pretty/attractive etc?  Elves do not

share the same standards of beauty as ogres.  Dwarves do not have the

same ideas as trolls.  So why are people being approved with appearances

that force opinions on beauty, or ugliness?  I for one find elves

disgusting, every single one of them.  (Please note that I'm a vyan.) You

also cant expect dwarves to find goblins anything but (ic observation

here, no offense intended) stupid dirty snotballs who need to be

exterminated.  Same goes with elves and vyans, trolls and gnomes, etc etc.


I dont really know what the point of this note was, except to point out

that I'm disturbed that I'm being forced to think of elves and the like

as "pretty" or "gorgeous", 


@I@I@I@w-@CAe@mr@Ca@n,@c the vyaness repulsed by 'pretty elves'.


@nPS - Feel free to post responses to this, or if your an imm, edit the bottom ;)


@g- - - - -@n

This is one I always suggest people to modify when I do approvals.  Even

in room descriptions I try to avoid such concepts.  Its common nature to

state something is pretty when we think of something from our naturally

human viewpoint.  People tend to forget when they are role playing, or

for the large number of players who simply aren't role playing here, that

beauty is a concept defined differently by each race.  How many humans

think a nice 8 inch beard on a woman is the height of feminine beauty?  I

bet a dwarf would find it quite attractive.  Likewise I think your

typical dwarf would be repulsed by whatever freak (male or female) went

around shaving their beard.  (Wonder if that explains most dwarven-elven

anitpathy since elves don't grow facial hair aside from eyebrows) 


Back to players...  In the case of approvals I generally point out that

beauty is a subjective thing in any case.  When you add in the drasticly

differing values of races it becomes more than merely subjective.  I find

that this, coupled with a simple suggetion or two manages to turn my

troll and ogre beauties into wretched beasties that only another troll or

ogre could love.  I also find it works well to explain that, since its a

subjective thing they should explain _why_ they are beautiful to another

person and let them decide for themselves.  With that one you can always

point out that they are in essence violating the rule about not telling a

player how they think/feel/react.  Keep the desciprion merely descriptive

and let them decide for themselves.


Just be prepared to offer a few simple suggestions based on their current

description even as you 'suggest' they need to change it.  Most people

seem to just assume a suggestion is a demand and will comply even though

I've never had anyone rail at my suggestions where they do at my outright

demands.  Funny how that works.


Shade and sweet water,

Talis

@g- - - - -@n

~
897964971
Kirnan~
Cwmcabiel~
Posted by referal...  I didn't see it so I couldn't fix it, but could

someone explain to me how Kirnan gets to be a bearded elf when elf file

explicitly states elves have no facial hair?  Perhaps its his desc and he

hasn't been approved yet but help files clearly states that and its

standard role playing fair that elves don't grow beards.  Since we can't

have half-breed players here either (I double checked this with imms) he

can't be anything but pure elf...  this needs fixing.


Please fix him if you catch him.  Thanks.


Cwmcabiel, the ent with a name no one can pronounce.

~
897979246
Stuff.~
Belgar~
* Be polite.


If a newbie tries TFE, goes to write a description, asks for approval,

and is ridiculed for it over ooc, that's really making the mud look

good, isn't it? Remember, 99% of the *good* descriptions you get are

from alts. We're here to help people get approved. If there's something

wrong with their desc, tell to them, show them what's wrong, suggest

changes.


The bit I want to stress is that we're quite possibly the first contact

with the adminstration structure of TFE that new players hit. If we're

rude, then that reflects on the mud. No-one gets their desc right

the first time.

~
898125022
sonderic~
Rhen~
Sonderic was un-approved by request to fix a typo but he needs more work

and had to leave.

~
898268673
Tigereye~
Calliope~
Please have her rename when she asks for approval..  or him..  or it.. 

or whatever.


Calliope

~
898357932
Thunor~
Nezzim~
He left when I requested he change his sparkling eyes.  Please don't

approve him until he adds another sentence and changes his eyes.

~
898565434
Illuminanti~
Belgar~
Make sure he gets a namechange before approval, please, it's the name of

a a major book, a secret society, and a trading card game.

~
898647378
Ignore and unapproved people~
Nezzim~
Since option ignore is set to level 2 for default, many times av's can't

tell to unapproved people, and they don't always listen to OOC.


It would be nice if avatars could tell to unapproved people, regardless

of their ignore setting.


@mNezzim@n

~
898710624
Social Editors~
Olah~
I've written a few new help files social editors and even some immortals

might find useful.  These were written to help save Merior time training

new social editors and to help immortals who don't know or have forgotten

how to write socials.  The two new help files are 'help Social Editors

Primer' and 'help Social Fields'.  Any suggestions, comments, or anything

you feel is unclear or I left out, just mail me :) 


Olah

~
898820672
Cosmetic namechanges.~
Belgar~
What are the rules on these?  If someone wants a new name when their

present one is acceptable, or wants a last name, etc, should we?

(Two-word names have problems, they break tell)

--

In these cases, refer them to an Immortal and wash your hands of it. 

Avatars are _only_ suppose to rename stupid/beginning names.

@C*Florian@n

~
898852193
Surtur~
Freywin~
He's already approved and not online, so i'm posting this.  Surtur is

either the head of the Frost or Fire Giants in Norse Mythology.  He is

one of the biggest protaganists of Odin.

I would recommend his name being changed personally.

--

*Honestly don't think this is that mainstream...you know?  Kind of like

Nepthys or Bastet.

@C*Florian@n

~
898852332
Re:  Approving Friends~
Orb~
Be advised that your friends are not exempt from the approval standards. 

If they need to get their desc/appearance up to par, make them do so.  If

another avatar has asked them to do so, dont just approve the person. 

Those changes need to be made.  Anyone found doing this will be dismissed.

Orb


@c-----------------@n

It is, in fact, suggested that you refrain from approving friends

whenever possible to avoid any hint of favoritism.

-@gStarshine@n


@g- - - - -@n

Better yet, just get rid of all your friends.  You don't need them

anyways.  Always holding you back, always mooching for a quick approval,

just get rid of them.  :P 

I'd suggest being laeding them to some new unexplored area where you know

they'll perish and sending them to their dooms as the best means of this. 

If they're silly enough to keep coming back, you can have a grand time at

their expense.  Eventually even teh dumbest of rocks will wise up and

you'll have gotten rid of them.  :) 

--

@GAtop all this, try not to approve yourself.  It's always better to

double check yourself.  Avatars set examples, so might as well be as

proper as can be.

@C*Florian@n

~
898852927
Half Races~
Orb~
Just a reminder that we do not approve people with half-races in their

appearances.  If they wish to hint (and I do mean HINT) at it in their

descs, fine.  But we do not have half-elves, else they would be on th

race list.  I am unapproving Rask for this reason.  Do not approve him

until he fixes his appearance to remove 'half-elf.'

~
898853000
Conduct (oh boy)~
Caer~
Just to let you guys know, I'm getting a couple of complaints about

"avatar conduct." Here's what they're saying: 


* Avatars who are online and not incog aren't doing approvals.  (We've

all heard this one.  Try to take a break every now and then to approve

folks.  Don't get yourselves killed for them, though.) 


* Avatars are being mean.  (If you lose your cool, ask another avatar to

take over the approval for you.  If none are on or can't, ask an immortal

or tell the player to wait and ask again in a short bit.) 


And then there's the complaining about misconduct during the game (in

areas, tells, etc.).  Please remember that to most players, avatars

really are role models.  When an avatar sends obscene tells, hogs an

area, etc., it's sending the message that avatars are simply schoolyard

bullies who are above the rules.


You are representing the immortals of TFE, and when players see

misconduct on your part they get extremely upset with all other avatars

*and* immortals.  Gross rule-breaking and questionable activities are

grounds for warning and eventual un-avataring.

~
898853200
Note to Social Editors~
Florian~
You guys (and gals) are doing a good job.  Just one thing I'd like to

point out.  When you make a social in a direction, please think about it. 

In most cases, it wont make sense unless its carefully worded.  For

example, here is what I usually see: 


You glance towards the $t.


(This wont work with up and down.  it looks extremely contrived. 

Instead, word it carefully, so it works with up and down.  For example: ) 


You glance $tward.


Try and make sure ever direction makes sense with social <direction>.

@C*Florian@n

~
898853235
Lizardman attributes~
Dax~
Some common traits lizardfolk should or shouldnt have probably...


*Lizardmen are not lizards, so 'lizard' shouldn't be in desc or

appearance.

*Lizardmen live in the swamps and Serpentmen live in the desert.  Only

lizardmen are a playable race.


*Lizardmen have claws, not hands/fingers.

*Lizardmen do not have hair.  If anything, we have spines varying in

shape from those found on the back of a stegasaurus to the shape of an

aloe vera leaf.


*Scales tend to be of any color or embellished (just like in fantasy

books where dragons have their scales upturned, burnished, or otherwise

ornamented.) 


*Lizardmen are [mostly] cold blooded, though a tad warm.  No idea if we

show up on infravision, probably do, though.

~
898853290
races/capitalization~
Talis~
Just fyi, since I spent the last chunk of time correcting this in a few

areas...


race types aren't supposed to be capitalized.  An easy way for me to

remember is: orc, elf, and dwarf are people types like oak, elm, and

dogwood.  They don't get capitalized unless they name a proper type like

Eleint; which is the proper noun name of a clan.


Another point on elves.  Might want to watch how people use Eleint. 

Llewyrr (normally not capitalized, only so here because it begins a

sentence) means elf.  Eleint is the nation.  Unless they are somenow

clanned Eleint they probably shouldn't say they are Eleint.  Its not a

major thing that needs correcting, just a minor point of thought.  If

someone really wants to say they are Eleint, may as well let them for the

sake of fun.  Too much realism can ruin a fun game.



Shade and sweet water,

Talis

~
898853329
Appearance wars.~
Florian~
This was brought to my attention, its not new, nor is it exciting.  A few

of the hard-core sticklers for RP have mentioned that some appearances

are TELLing people what they are, rather than letting them assuming what

they are, leading to false 

assuptions...for instance:


A beautiful elven lass...vyan might not think she is beautiful...

--VS--

An elven lass with slender hips and fine-boned features...


The first tells people elf is beautiful whether they agree or not while

the second lets people decide themselves 

Personally, I could care less. Appearances and descs arent gonna make everyone happy 100% of the time.

Just thought I'd mention it.

@C*Florian@n

~
898902491
Shooster~
Fleur~
I totally screwed up this morning with doing approvals and I am not sure

what Shooster's desc looks like.  Anyway..  unapprove him if I am not

around.  I'll fix him then, next time I see him online.  I have his

description saved.

~
899229836
Hmm..~
Fleur~
I resign. Read post on general for reasons.


Fleur

~
899253462
Name: Lazarus~
Sappersil~
reference: bible

Also name of major character in Robert Heinlein series of books.

Also name of major character in Kurt Vonnegut books.

Approved already. Was brought to my attention.

Not sure how bad it is...bad enough to change...?



@g- - - - -@n

Personally, I'd say leave it.  If its used that frequently then its about

as commonplace as John.  We haven't banned the name John yet.  Then

again, I have a history with names.  I may have rewritten the names file

to its present, more inclusive state and created names2 to handle some of

the overflow for the truely mindless, but I seem to go either overboard

or not far enough.  ;) 

Unless he's trying to use a decription that obviously fills the shoes of

one of the many Lazuri I'd say leave it.  (ok, so I know, names don't

follow that rule and it should be Lazaruses, but Lazari is kind of neat I

think) Even then, the name isn't the problem, the appearance and desc

would be and those are what would need altering.  That is, of course,

presuming someone has the patience to search through all the references

to make sure he isn't trying to clone a major character and isn't just

using a common enough, interesting name. 

-Talis


@g- - - - -

~
899504774
Kur'Dape~
Aucassin~
Anyone else notice that this "Kur'Dape" guy's name is just like the "Kurd

Ape" card from the Magic: The Gathering Game?

~
899507665
Please,~
Belgar~
more avatars.  I'd love to take a break sometimes, but I'm often the only

one on, esp late night US tiem.


Belgar, needs a holiday.

~
899528656
SadbutTrue~
Freywin~
Fenlyn pointed him out to me and requested I change his name.  I sent him

a tell asking him to come up with new name.  He replied "What's wrong

with this one?" I explained that it is a phrase.  . He was "worried that

it was offensive".  Then logged out rather than get a new name.

~
899665412
Names.~
Belgar~
Names I'm concerned about that were approved:

Blades.

Quicksilver.

Zephyr


All of these are words out of the dictionary.


@yI think that may be a little too picky.  I don't see anything wrong

with any of them.  If the only basis is that they are out of the

dictionary, then I don't think that's enough to ban the name. 

Everybody's name comes from somewhere.  I chose mine based on the way it

sounded.  Then I spelled it out.  If I really wanted to get picky, then I

could say that Belgar sounds too much like Beldar who was the Conehead

father.  You come from France?

--Fenlyn@n


My point is, by the files we're supposed to be working from, help names,

these names are bad.  I'd like to be able to be consistent.  Who

ultimately calls these things?

--

And while it might be nice to go strickly by helpfiles, in theory, common

sense, which i realize varies in type, tone, and stylistics, should also

be used.  I'm of the @Gopinion@n that if its not offensive and overly

plagerized, then just because it appears in the dictionary isn't really

enough.

@C*@GF@Rl@Yo@Br@Yi@Ra@Gn@C*@n

--

well, until help names is changed, I'll go by it.  I'm getting that much

junk about names as it is, I want to be able to say read the helpfile.

B.

~
899689306
re:names~
Talis~
Was going to append to last note, but it was long enough and, as those

who have seen my posts, they tend to be novels more than posts so a new

post is in order.  ;) 


Once, maybe a year or two back now, I tried dealing with names.  I tried

sticking to the letter and intent of the ideas stated and/or implied by

the help files and found I was going overboard.  Then, realizing it is

just a game, I relaxed my stance and found I wasn't being strict enough

by other people's standards.  Seems its true, you can please some of the

people some of the time but you can't please all of the people all of the

time.  No matter what you do when dealing with names you are going to

either be too strict or not strict enough.  In some cases you can even

manage to be both at the same time.


Anyhow, back to the point of my post.  Back then, when I was doing name

stuff, I drastically rewrote the help files on help names to give a more

concise and acurate measure of what we are striving for.  Then, after

talking with at least 4 different people who decided that Shadow really

is a name and my mother gave it to my character so its my character's

given name, or some similar garbage I wrote help names2.  It just seems

there were too many marginally intelligent people out there who read help

names and decided to argue any loophole that wasn't explicitly stated.


In the end, although we would probably fall to the floor faint with the

shock at the suspension of all probability, it would be nice to achieve

the ideal role playing system that nutured players with in-game names

and on-theme appearances and description.  The reality falls far short. 

Since people are allowed their own free will and willingly display their

ample disreguard for rules and lack of common sense we are forced to the

never ceasing task of monitoring the names people choose for themselves.


Most important in achieving any semblance of good order was providing a

guideling for players and the Name Guard alike.  Hence help names and

names2.  Don't take it too seriously.  We all know "its just a game" sure... 

but what _most_ of the imms I've seen come and go, and I'd say most of

the imms still working here are shooting for isn't complete name control

(oh, but we can dream, can't we?).  Rather a measure of sanity where

chaos is generally the dominant result.  So long as the name isn't a

gross violation (foul language, religious, ultra-well known primary

characters in books, Completely ignorant or just plain stupid) a bit of

common sense should be enough to dictate what is and isn't permitted. 


Here's a little secret to help keep your sanity through all of this... 

The absolute truth is the help files DO go overboard.  What better way

then to say these are the rules by which you will be measured, all the

while knowing they'll push the rules every way they can?  If they push an

extra inch past a rule that goes two inches past what we will accept,

then what's the harm?  Just so long as we don't get so lenient that we

just let everyone go that extra inch...  next thing you know they're

pushing for that next extra inch, and the next....


In the end some people will be stricter than others and others will be

more lenient.  What we mostly end up with is a pretty general run of

names that isn't so bad.  And when there really is a problem an imm will

usually step in.  We may not say much, but that's usually because things

aren't so bad.  Take it as a compliment.  Then also, imms are people too

and even we will be either too strict or too lenient.  As I said, I've

been an example of both.  So there's really not much more to say other

than KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK!  :) 



Shade and sweet water,

Talis

~
899699380
RE: Needing more avatars.~
Lani~
I'm often on late night US time, but not with Lani..As some of you have

probably noticed, I'm not playing her much these days.  I'd like to get

my avatar status transferred to the character that I _do_ play..just need

to catch GC or Merior online, which is proving to be a difficult thing. 

;) Anyway, if GC or Merior should happen to see this and could set

Brenna, I'd be eternally greatful.


Lani


Oh yes.  If no one's currently on vyan socials, I'd not mind doing those

again.  *stare* 

~
899816261
Spit and Puke~
Ellania~
Thanks for their removal.  I'd at least adjusted the elven spit to no

longer spit on someone but rather at them.  I had not yet come up with a

solution to puking, but now I don't have to.

@I

I hope they will be allowed as racial socials for trolls, ogres, and

such, though.  I don't want to have to go to too much effort to be

disgusting as some of my alts.  ;) 

@I

Ellania

~
899824034
Alatar~
Belgar~
Has glowing eyes. Please don't reapprove until he changes that.

~
899859358
Tith~
Lynitha~
She seems to be adamant about having something about being a "force to be

reckoned with" in her desc.  At first she had a look in her eyes that

showed it, and I asked her to change it.  So she said she had a scar on

the back of her neck, and to survive the battle, she must be a force to

be reckoned with.  I told her that wouldn't work either, and she quit. 

She needs to either come up with a VERY good way to physically justify

this..  (it's probably not even possible to follow the guidelines and do

this =P), or get that part of it changed.

~
899964059
Help files pertaining to approvals~
Aera~
There are a lot of people asking over and over on ooc to be approved.  A

lot of the time there is only one or two avatars on, and can't do

approvals because of a bad link/spammy group, or won't do it due to a

foul temper, bad day, etc.  However, people keep asking on ooc over and

over and over and over and over, and dont seem to understand that an

avatar may not be able to help them at that time.  I've heard in the past

that players should wait 15 minutes between their numerous askings for

approval on ooc, because by then an avatar may be free.  Also, these

people dont seem to realize that the avatars arent approval machines and

that they donate time from their busy (or not so busy) mud-social life to

help the TFE community via approvals.


So perhaps the the helpfiles Appearance, Description, Keywords and

Approval could be updated to tell the above facts, and request that the

players do wait about 7-15 minutes between their askings.  I for one get

annoyed being the only, or one of two, avatars online and due to

circumstances am not available to do approvals, and seeing people ask

over and over only to be ignored to told repeatedly to ask later.  Maybe

if this became an actually guidline people would bother us less, because

sometimes I really do feel bad seeing some pathetic newbie beg for

approval repeatedly only to be greeted (or is it not greeted?) with no

response.


Well...thats what I have to say about that.  I realize this note may be a

little hard to follow, because it was hard trying to write it to flow

properly, and I realize it looks like one of Talis' posts (no offense to

the wolf intended, of course) but I really do think its important for the

players to know this.


Even if nobody does anything about that, I'm still glad I said this.


@I@I@I- @cAe@mr@ca@n.


In case you couldnt make heads or tails of the above babble, in a

nutshell what I said was that it seems that some people who ask for

approval dont realize they cant be served asap and need to be told so.

~
900036093
New Avatars~
Merior~
I agree that we need more folks, and would like recommendations (rather

then unsolicited volunteers) as to who might be good.  Please send me

mud-mail with character name(s) of folks you know to be literate and

responsible (if any such exist).

~
900074655
People requesting approvals...~
Valerie~
Shouldn't the avatar(s) on duty explain to them that they can't approve

at that moment though?  And to maybe ask back in a half hour or so?  And

shouldn't the avatar try to make room for them in their busy schedule

when those 30 minutes are up?  If you can't approve, don't just let them

sit there and ask over and over without you telling them *something* at

least.

We accepted when we became avatars that we are supposed to approve, and

be helpful rolemodels, etc.  If you can't do this, maybe you shouldn't be

one.

I don't know, just my two cents on this all.  Really makes me mad when I

make a newbie and try for 2 hours to get approved because 3 certain

avatars won't even tell me why they can't get to me.  Put yourself on

their end, and try to be a little more courteous, and maybe there will be

less notes flaming avatars.  Really, all I'm saying is respond in some

way when they ask, please?

~
900107199
"R" in yer prompt...~
Aucassin~
If you see a capital R in front of your prompt and are wondering what it

signifies, it means there are requests in queue that need attention.  I

must have stared at it for five minutes wondering what it was....

~
900477384
catintallus~
Glambrax~
When asked to change his description the afor mentioned said he'd have to

think about it and had to go to sleep now.  I'm not sure if he was

sincere or fobbing me off so please make sure he does something about it

before you approve him.  in this case we decided that he needed specific

feline traits to justify having 'feline grace' in his appearance.

ta

Squid

~
900687803
$~
