#CLAN

League of Three Nations~
@yLeague of Three Nations.@n

Membership : Dwarves, Gnomes and Halflings of any alignment or class.


@yGeneral Clan Description:@n

We are a collection of mountain folk, gathering together to fight off the

dark races from the mountains and to restore many lost ancient stories

and citadels.  In our endeavours, we shall write new sagas to continue

the heroic line of storytellers.  We do not believe in forming massive

sorties, or for joining the League merely to gain power.  Each person is

an individual who must want to defend their homes with their very lives.


@yMembership.@n

The clan has a figurehead in its Founding Father, the person who created

the clan.  This individual has the right of veto on decisions and the

final say in policies.  But, the real power is the Council of Three.  One

from each of the membership races sits on the council.  These three are

the ruling body, of which the Father is not part of, and merely advises. 

These members make the majority of the decisions, as well as forming the

votes.  It is merely the Fathers task to be the public figurehead and to

answer questions anyone may have.  He can also clarify or make judgement

calls if a pinch decision is required for the Leagues actions.


@mThe Positions.@n

@RDwarven Councilman@n.  Chosen for their bravery and ability in battle

and exploration.

@RGnomish Councilman@n.  Chosen for their ability to think and plan ahead

as well as their organisational skills.

@RHalfling Councilman@n.  Chosen for their ability to sneak and explore

new places, and uncover secrets unknown to the common man.


It is the task of the Councilmen to bring to the attention of the League

matters which must be voted on, or for general announcements.  The

councilmen receive information from the members of the race they

represent and if they judge it warrantable, bring it forth.  Normal

League members may bypass their Councilman and go to the Father if they

believe the councilman is being unreasonable.  Each individual Councilman

has some powers for the League, such as being able to edit clan notes, or

to gain new members.


@yClan Goals.@n

@B * @n We shall strive to free the mountains from the evils that inhabit

it, including Goblins, Trolls and especially Orcs.

@B * @n To restore ancient scripts and revive the histories as well as

creating new stories from old and new deeds.

@B * @n We shall create peace within the mountain tribes and bring law

and order to the furthest reaches.

@B * @n Any citadels that have been ruined or taken by dark forces shall

be freed back to their rightful ancestors or restored for use by those

who are decreed worthy.

@B * @n We shall also be prepared to fight the Western Orcs, the

Durgoroth.  Some power has awakened their ancient evil as shown by the

awakening of Harand-da's warriors, and drive the Orcs back into the Abyss

from whence they came.


@yDetails.@n

Dwarves shall make up the bulk of the clan membership, as they are the

gritty veterans who have grown up surrounded by conflict with various

Dark races.  They shall be the fighters and leaders who shall war for the

league.  Their expertise in underground operations shall make them more

than useful in our tasks.  Their prime responsibility will be to 

look after the smaller League members and to aid those in need.


Gnomes shall be the scholars and thinkers.  Their natural intelligence

and inquisitive nature shall make them invaluable with their ability to

plan the leagues actions and advise for future plans.  They shall be

responsible for recording the histories and writing new records.  With

their great ability for strategy and planning, they shall be very useful

aids in working out puzzles while adventuring.


Halflings due to their jovial and charming manner shall be the social

head of the league as well as the scouts and explorers since they excell

at moving swiftly and quietly.  Since they love to talk to people, they

shall also be given the responsibility to look out for new members and

judge and evaluate their ability.


However if a particular member wishes to do something outside their races

norm, this will be allowed, in fact individuality is recognised and will

be rewarded with more responsibility.  But it is far easier to organise

events and votes if the duly elected representatives are the ones putting

forth the votes.  It is the solemn duty of all members to watch out for

other members and to aid them if possible.  After all, the League was

formed over the very ideals of working together to create a better

tommorrow.  But we do not believe in getting massive sorties of troops

together unless it is absolutely necessary, or merely joining the League

to be able to follow and get great items or power.  Grouping only with

league members is a form of separatism, which is not the way to fight off

the darkness, therefore we will not ignore the needs of other adventurers. 

We are a collection of thinkers, planners and warriors who will use

everything at our disposal to aid a common goal.


@yInitiation.@n

When someone is found or applies for membership, at least three members

must agree to help his entry.  Then a formal vote is taken, with the

founding father tallying in secret.  If the vote is passed, a pair of

small undertakings are given.  One, dependant on race, is predetermined

while the other is a small quest designed to test the applicants

knowledge of the world.  If these are accomplished, then entry is given.


@yAlliances.@n

These shall be sought after keenly, but we refuse to aid those of 'Dark'

races, especially Trolls, Goblins and Orcs, as these are the dread

enemies of the Leagues member races.  Besides that, we shall keenly ally

with good clans who wish peace and prosperity to return to this land.

~
6 0
5 28 511 219 3
900313321
1 0

Founder~
-1 15 0
