#CLAN

The Ambassadors of Friendship~
CLAN BASIS:

Long ago, this land befell hard times.  There was chaos everywhere so the

gods decided to destroy all and begin anew.  In hopes that the land would

spring forth good, they began their toils, but saw to it that balance

existed.  Therefore, evil was also created, for without evil, good cannot

exist.


It was their hope that the balance of good and evil would promote peace. 

But peace has yet to show itself.  It is our duty to be messengers of

peace and friendship.  Our ancestors once lived in peace, and we shall

see to it that peace reigns again.  We hope to see that there will be no

struggle within the light races, and that our only struggle with the dark

races is the goal of peace.


We are the hardworking folk of the light races. We can be serious and

agressive when the need arises, but hope only to protect those in need. 

We will not needlessly pester those from the dark races, but are

ambassadors of friendship.  We only want alliance among our light raced

brethren and do not seek to do harm.  We do not wish to vanquish evil,

but find a means coexisting without war.  If provoked, we will turn the

other cheek.  If provoked further, and it is found necessary, we will

battle our evil counterparts in hopes that at the end of our fight peace

shall be restored.  Our quest is simple, and through bettering ourselves

and helping others, our message of love and friendship shall be spread to

all.  We seek to enjoy each other's company and gain comradery amongst

ourselves for if we do not have unity within the group, ours is a lost

cause.


CLAN ACCEPTANCE:

We shall embrace those who have a basic knowledge of the land.  One has

only to appeal to a leader expressing willingness to abide by the clan

rules.  To prove themselves worthy, they must have gained the 10th level

of awareness and be willing to help those in need as well as improve

themslves through both skills and character.  They must agree to be

peaceable in the face of rising temperaments and conduct themselves in

the like manner.  These qualities shall be determined by the leaders and

acceptance shall be voted upon by the existing members (2/3 must be

willing to accept the new applicant).


CLAN TREASURY:

There is no set amount for clan dues, but each member should be willing

to donate even the smallest amount to support their fellow clan members. 

These donations shall be kept by the clan's treasurer and alotted when

the need arises as deemed worthy by the leaders.  This is not for

monetary advancement, but in the spirit of the clan's purpose to help

those in need.  Existing members shall also vote upon the distribution of

resources (2/3 must agree to the plans made) bearing in mind that the

leaders may override the decision.  Appeals may then be made to the

leaders, who will reconsider, and at their discretion, allow another vote.


-- Mikhail and Jie Al'shar, the co-founders --

~
0 0
5 255 511 219 3
898822956
1 0

Founder~
-1 15 0
