#CLAN

The Order of the Obsidian Thorn~
Some time ago a young apprentice mage was in his masters workroom when he

recited a spell wrong and something very strange happened.  The spell

disrupted some fabric in time or space, and opened a small link between a

different dimension and the apprentices mind.  The young mage couldnt

believe what he saw, he tried to scream out, but no words would come.  He

saw a world like his own, only a few things were different.  Then all of

a sudden an shadowy figure appeared in a cloud of smoke.  The mage was

very shocked when he noticed the image looked something like himself. 

The only differences were a small figure change and the image was wearing

the armor of a holy person.  The person said, that during the day's

before armageddon, there was a secret order, an order that promoted the

corruption of the world.  Its members wanted to gain wealth through lies

and deceit, ruling over the underworld.  The last words the strange being

said were that he was chosen to seek out the other descendants and

restore the order to its original size and power.


The apprentice left his studies and started searching for more

information about the secret order.  He found some records with the old

law enforcement agency and found that there might be some information

near the old vyan tombs.  After a long and exhausting journey he found an

ancient tome with the word thorn written on the cover.  After looking

through it, he found that it was a journal of a leader of a secret group

of thief's called the order of thorn, as he translated it.  This

triggered his interest, and caused him to search harder in the caves of

voaleth leading him past the vyan tombs.  He found a spot that looked

like a secret entrance or a wall, so he dug and searched for day's to

discover that it was a castle of some sort, built out of obsidian, with a

plaque that read "We are the Order of the Obsidian Thorn, Beware for

those who enter these grounds are subject to our wrath.  We are not as

much a band of thieves as we are a group of mercenary's fighting together

against law and order.  We promote Chaos and Corruption, and will do

anything in our power to create it.  This keep is a signal of our power

and might and will show anyone who gazes upon it that we are not just a

band of ordinary thugs, for we ARE the Creation of a great woman, a great

vision, and a great foundation..." There was more but it had worn off

with age.


And with reading that, the young mage continued his studies, so he could

be strong enough to seek out the descendants of the order, and to start

recruiting new members into its ranks, even to this day when he has

become a mage of great worth, he is searching.  Endlessly searching.


--------------------------------------------------------------------------

^^Purpose^^


>> Become extremely rich

>> Live as comfortably as kings

>> Do this as quietly as possible

>> Steal, cheat, lie and/or kill to accomplish any of the above


--------------------------------------------------------------------------

^^Membership^^


>> Is by invitation only

>> Due to some expected anger between races, only people who worship

evil/neutral gods will be considered

~
0 0
5 7936 511 22 3
899175314
1 0

Founder~
-1 15 0
