#CLAN

Watchers of the Rising Sun~
Chaos reigned in these lands for centuries as dark and light races

struggled for dominance.  Our ancestors continued to worship our great

Meriada, creator of all things, and items of great power were forged to

aid lights in their struggle.  Some even learned to manipulate unseen

forces to affect the physical world, known as magic.  Our ancestors built

citadels to protect us, and explored much of the realms of this world. 

However, darkness still threatens to destroy our kind, and we must

persevere in our knowledge of ourself and our surroundings.


We of the good towns have formed an alliance to remove the dark races

from the realms forever.  Generations upon generations have fought many

bloody wars, with almost no shift of power. However, we believe we have

found a way to remove these vile abominations in one fell swoop.  We must

attain immortality to possess the powers of the gods, and use these

abilities to crush our ancient foes.


Our bond is simple.  We must learn everything about our world that the

gods have created for us.  We must learn all the terrain of the realm in

the quest for ultimate knowledge and power.  We must strive to improve

ourselves, gain abilities we did not possess, and provide our armies with

the best equipment in the quest for ultimate power.  Along the way, we

must ally ourselves with whoever might aid us in our endeavours, in the

quest for ultimate brotherhood.  We must defeat those who stand in our

way, or seek to destroy our kind, in the quest for ultimate victory.


-=[ Thus begins the quest for immortality. ]=-


To join our band of adventurers, you must possess a large knowledge of

these lands, and great skill in your chosen path in life.  Persons of any

light race may join, as long as they are not evil in nature.  These

people have been tempted by the evil which plagues our lands, and are

considered traitors to our cause.  Adventurers must be at least 15 cycles

into their training, and willing to put in the devotion to complete the

90 cycles determined to achieve god-like power by our ancestors. 

Adventurers must be brave, fearless, and possess such attributes as

valor, justice, and a drive to succeed.


Not all adventurers will be chosen to join our quest.  Adventurers

seeking to join our quest must first apply to our council of elders. 

After the application, they must complete a quest determined by our

elders to show their worth and desire to join us.  After this quest is

completed, the elders shall decide if the applicant is worthy of joining

our ranks.


Many other rules exist for those who wish to support our quest, but this

information is passed down to us by our ancestors over the generations

and kept within the clan, and all applicants must realize that life will

become much more complex upon entering our brotherhood, yet very

rewarding.


Our goals are simple:


1) To gather among us the most worthy of the realm into our ranks.

2) To better ourselves, our members, and to worship the great Meriada.

3) To attain immortality, and use it to crush the dark races forever.


These doctrines have been passed down from our ancestors since the first

year of our world.  May their knowledge not fall into the wrong hands,

and the destiny laid out for us to become complete.


- Watchers of the Rising Sun, keepers of the ancient scrolls handed down

through the generations.

~
0 0
5 255 511 219 3
897248007
1 0

Founder~
-1 15 0
